Hello and welcome on our website
dedicated to training your dog
caroline the author of the book draw your
dog asked me to make a video
to explain what you will find
on this site because she is more comfortable
with these dogs that in front of a computer
you already have a dog or you think
to acquire one and you will land
of questions
do not worry caroline can you
explain how to properly educate your
dog and avoid having to pay
training sessions and all this in 15
minutes a day
you've already felt like you did not
ability to communicate with your dog
you have already tried a thousand times of him
learn
sitting at the foot but nothing works
you would like to prevent your puppy from
jump on the door and on your guests
you are convinced that it is too late
progress your dog you want to be
in osmosis with your dog like
other teachers are already
you want your dog to be safe
moment who is the master and how is
behave and for that you have to
understand what's going on in the
head of your dog must admit
that when we live badly our relationship with
his dog
this leads to an install satisfaction
permanent and settat dissatisfaction is
reinforced by the look of your
entourage
however you will discover here
a proven technique to train
your dog at home what all the
world can do easily and 15
minutes a day are enough
better to do a little every day all
days only once a week
and yes this guide is a reference in
the rinsing area and dogs like
basic rule
you have to understand the seven points
clélie dressage 3 1
do not be too harsh about
do not complicate things 3 be brief 4
trust is paramount 5
the reward at the right time 6 be
patients and finally be consistent
here you will find a detailed overview of
what we have in this guide you
go learn the right questions to
to ask before acquiring a dog
how to choose the ideal dog where
buy his dog how to adopt a
dog how much does it cost to buy a dog
the first steps of the dog
how to welcome nou yo again
puppy at home dogs and kids
how to manage them together how well
socialize your puppy and how
to succeed in training the learning of
laesse rewarded punishment reinforce
primary and secondary
the training course in 15 minutes by
day
learn him his name your dog of ta
teacher sit down he has to come to the foot
when you call him he must know
stay in one's place
he must learn to lie down he must
also learn not to jump on
the guests it is very animated unpleasant
we have white pants
and everyone does not appreciate your
dog must walk by your side you and
your dog
on a daily basis how to teach your
dog to do his needs and where especially
know everything about food
dogs
how to take care of the health of
your dog very very important and where
to go when sick and what to do
here you can acquire the program
training in 15 minutes a day for the
a small fee of 29 euros
try risk free for 60 days
money back guarantee
we will not ask any question
if you overpay us a refund
but we are sure that you are going
be satisfied because the guide is of a
high quality
the method is applicable to all breeds
of dogs simply click on the
book here to go directly to the
Order form
you will then be headed here for
complete the order form either
by paying directly by paypal if you
already have an account or using
your credit card
this is very sure you see that the
antivirus and anti phishing are here for
protect yourself if you use the option
paypal you will be redirected to this
form here thanks